what's going on guys Josie Q here and
today I have a very interesting video I
kind of I noticed this about a couple
weeks ago and I never really made a
video on it but I'm making one now so
these are the loading screens we've got
one from shangri-la and then we have one
from moon I will get to that one in a
minute so if we look at this one from
shangri-la we're not were looking at
anything on this main screen right here
or we're looking at is to the the left
dish of the comics it's in the back
you'll see it kind of looks like the
moon um picture or a loading screen but
it's in the back it's not and you'll
notice why in a minute so it's we
haven't got this map yet we have not
seen this map nothing to do with this
map at all which is kind of weird you
could see it in this shangri-la one now
we're going to move on to the moon one
you'll see the moon right here it looks
similar like kind of like advertisements
but the moon one has more advertisements
you can tell then that one so it's kind
of weird I can't really make anything
out I'll in a little bit i'll show you
this like up close or just like it's
just that part alone i couldn't really
zoom in unfortunately because like this
i use this editing software called a
pinnacle studio 16 ultimate and um you
could zoom in but you can't like zoom in
the whole thing you can only like zoom
in and it kind of looked blurry to
unfortunately so if you guys wanted to
maybe take the picture and zoom in make
it look like better and send me the
video of it or something that'd be cool
but I've got a couple of theories here
one theory is that maybe it's a map that
we never got such as the Paris map that
maybe it was just something like that
they added and they left in the game
just for a little bit of like a little
easter egg or something and I don't know
maybe it was just something like that we
were just not gonna get it or maybe it's
a map that we haven't got yet that we
were supposed to get and they're going
to give it to us soon maybe it's the
next map maybe my other video was wrong
maybe that's the next map and what's
going to happen maybe that's the like
the other left side of it in the right
side is the the schematic that I had in
the other video but anyways maybe we're
going to go back in time to before all
these maps happened so maybe before
shangri-la before moon before all these
maps
so that's a kind of a different theory
there um I don't know let me know what
you guys think if if you think it has
some meaning to it if you can read any
of this stuff on it looks like there's
one part words like has like UN for let
me be undead or something like that so I
don't know just let me know what you
guys think if you can actually get that
picture and zoom in see anything that I
haven't seen send me a message leave a
comment I will check out whatever you
guys wherever you guys leave me to check
out you know in the comments section so
that's a little bit of a theory thing
that no one really has ever seen before
if there is a video on it I haven't seen
it but um but yeah these are just my
opinion so let me know what you guys
think I've seen the next video peace out